= jstyler

* http://webdizz.name/posts/jstyler

== DESCRIPTION:

This is an extension for BuildR to provide abilities to format Java source code according to conventions.
This extension uses built-in Eclipse functionality to format code, but without requirements to have installed Eclipse.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

- Configuration options can be defined within ~/.buildr/settings.yaml or per project folder in the build.yaml files.
- There are abilities to define custom configuration properties for formatter within project buildfile per all projects and override for appropriate one.
  jstyler.options[:config]  - receives path to config file with formatting style definition (Eclipse generated).
  jstyler.options[:verbose] - if is specified output should be more detailed
  jstyler.options[:convention] - java or eclipse - which convention should be used if config path was not specified, by default java is used. 

== SYNOPSIS:

# Sample project buildfile
require 'jstyler' # include extension

jstyler.options[:config] = "path_to_config"

define 'testsrc' do	
	# extend Jstyler::Beautify #to extend buildr only for this project
	project.version = 1.0
  	project.group = 'name.webdizz.jstyler'
	compile.options.target = '1.5'
	package :jar
end  

# To frmat code run:
$ buildr format

== REQUIREMENTS:

* session
* buildr

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install jstyler

== LICENSE:

Third-party dependencies are under Eclipse Public License v1.0

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Izzet Mustafa

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
